Feature/l2S-1066/image build tools restriction (#3821)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/microservice-sdk/http-bundle/node-js-microservice.md

SLACK_CHANNEL_ID=<YOUR-CHANNEL_ID-GOES-HERE>
```

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Updates to development tools used for building Docker images - such as Docker Desktop or Podman - may 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After updating your development tools for building microservice container images—such as Docker Desktop or Podman—you may experience compatibility issues when uploading microservices or when subscribing to microservices. If you encounter any issues, it is recommended to avoid upgrading the affected tool.
```
